Expect grammars and stuff, because this ain't going through a spellchecker.


Norse ox carts will now prioritize Hunters before anything else during Archaic Age.
Ox carts are driven by plan priority, so this is how we control it... but as for training them, no.. that's another story.

Removed an ulfsark maintain plan.

Norse players will now build a house very early so they don't get pop stuck because the Starting ulfsark is taking too long getting back to the base.

Fixed dynamic farms not working correctly on hard difficulty

Introduced Mil eco goals for Heroic age and beyond, this will be added on top of the normal eco goals to secure an even better economy late game.

Removed tons of code that would manually try to research armory techs and medium/heavy/champion techs on barracks etc, the unit picker do handle this by default so there is no point on having plans for doing it.
though I may revisit this later and add them back and disable automatic upgrades from the unit picker all together ( yes it can be done!).

Wall detection/deletion will now be checked more frequently, it is still not perfect and may slip a wall through every now and then.. but it's this or the AI getting stuck.. sorry!


Combat:
Removed tons of odd requirements for all attack plans such as always requiring 1 siege or myth unit to go off.. 
this also includes retreating behaviour, as the AI would run away if you killed his siege and there was still at least 1 tower up... regardless if he had 50 units or 1.

Settlement defend plans will now end after 1 min if no enemy units are around, down from 2.5 min.. so please don't take advantage of it. ):

Attack plans should now do its ready checkes way more frequently to promote more attacks in late game, though they are still limited to 1 main attack plan at a time.
I've also adjusted the plan to pick up to |00% of all available units, and beyond this, the AI should no longer wait until it 5 pop within its pop cap.. this will now scale dynamically, up to 50.
meaning it can launch attacks if it is at 250 / 300 pop for example, insteading of always waiting until it is 5- within current pop cap.

Rushers. the Ai will now have a rusher personality, this means it will try to attack early, up to 5 times during classical age, 
this personality will also delay the initial walls until Heroic age.. because walls takes a huge chunk off their mil eco and this will only get worse if we get the Voobly patch(those wall prices!). :P

Naval:
Improved naval combat and transport of units in all attack plans.
Though units that get stuck on other islands are stuck forever, untill I find a way to call upon them from other area groups..
Yes, this system is incredibly wonky and Microsoft messed up big time.. basically, once units leaves the main base area, they'll lose the connection as if you were to cut a human brain in two.. it simply just stops communicating once separated.
Sure, the initial plan will finish, but after that it will simply not receive any more information on what to do next.


